>> Lukas Ruebbelke: What would you say was
the most surprising thing
that you learned today?
So for some of us not knowing Angular or
some of us only 1.X.
What was something that was
just like I had no idea?
>> Speaker 2: [INAUDIBLE]
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Yes, I agree.
What's interesting is that I think, at
least for me, Angular is super powerful.
I mean, there is so much stuff you can do.
Like the way that they set
up the renderer, but for
doing the most kind of common things,
it's just drop dead simple.
I think where people get overwhelmed
is setting up the tooling.
And get in up and running, and I think
has solved that problem in a big way.
So even Mark, we did this course
a year ago, he's like man, like.
I can't believe, I don't remember being
a CC, well the answer is it wasn't.
But now we can say that we're matured.
And the has matured and
you know, three commands.
You have a working project
rather the gates it's just,
it's really, really, really.
Nice and
a lot of these really painful parts,
that a lot of us early adopters feel.
So, Dan Wahlin for instance, lives in
Phoenix, on the other side of Phoenix.
But when it was first coming out,
Dan, John, myself, different ones.
We'd kinda be up at hacking on it, and
we'd just be like,
I can't take this anymore.
Chair through the window.
[NOISE] Then we go complain to the team,
and it would get a little better.
But now, I think it's,
a lot of the really ugly pieces,
even by them fixing the router.
Which was one of the biggest,
painful, most embarrassing things?
All of a sudden,
now the router is really, really good.
And I feel like it's finally came
full-circle And it's easy to use.
And, on the other hand,
it's super powerful.
Anyone else?
So I think I agree.
Pretty easy to do a lot with a little.
So what about you?
This was kind of your
first foray into Angular.
What do you think?
>> Speaker 3: Well it's funny to hear how
you guys have so much more experience.
So it's funny to hear you guys
use words like simple and easy.
Where for me,
a lot of the syntax is still foreign.
So I understand.
You said learning the tooling
is very important and handshake.
Getting handshake down, so
I'll tonight work on the handshake.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: All right.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: What did
you think about Angular?
I kind of heard you talking about like,
it's TypeScript.
This, like in the very
beginning this morning like,
I don't know about TypeScript,
I don't know like,
what was your impressions of
>> Speaker 4: Actually,
I actually like the type scripts.
I like that it forces you to be
tighter with what you are doing.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Right,
I like the precision quite a bit.
Was there anything that was just
super confusing and frustrating?
Where it's just like, ugh!
Why haven't they solved this yet?
I didn't really get any sense anybody was
ready to throw a chair through the window.
Although you did take that Core 2000
thing really well this morning.
That would have been
probably a top candidate.
Like, it's a phantom app on this port,
I don't know what's going on.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: I'm just stalling for
time I guess.
>> Speaker 5: I think it's gonna be a lot
of muscle memory like you're saying,
just maybe
creating the modules my self or
creating the components myself.
Until I really get my head around
how they're are connecting.
But I followed some
tutorials to this point but
it's starting to click where
how they fit together.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Right.
>> Speaker 5: Catching
myself up on things.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Let me see if i can
actually back out of this real quick.
I will say this as we are waiting for
this to start up.
Occassionally.
Just the
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: web server,
which is you're doing
a lot of development.
It's just kind of after 40 minutes or
whatever, it's just like
I can't do anymore.
I can't do any more.
Just like I'm gonna die.
Especially if you're switching branches,
sometimes it just gets super weird.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Now
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: To be clear,
the functionality,
there's a balance between doing
something that's approachable.
And doing something
that's actually of value.
So one of the worst things that I hate,
is if you go by a book or
a course, Look,
we're gonna teach you how to this thing.
And then you're doing something that
you would never use in real life,
it's super ugly.
It's just there's very
little apparent utility.
On the other hand, by choosing something
that you would use in real life.
I think one of the biggest compliments
that somebody could give me.
Is to take a sample
application that I've done, and
go sell it to a client for money.
That would be amazing!
So you have permission to take this,
say, you know what?
It says items here, but I'm gonna change
this to, I don't know, cards, or parties.
Or just think of anything
you want to keep track of.
Somebody sells flowers,
your aunt sells flowers or whatever?
You're like,
this is an inventory management system,
please take it and go make some money.
That would be amazing to tell me about.
Free and clear.
The things that are happening in this, and
I recommend everybody
tonight go through master.
Is there's a lot of stuff that
I would use in the real world.
These are real world patterns.
And so to take somebody who is
not familiar with the technology.
And say we're going to go
from zero to actually 60,
or doing something in the real world.
There has to be a level of I think realism
of how long that's actually going to take.
And so what I'm showing you here is
the accumulation of years of Angular.
And so I think for
everybody, just have a sense of
the shapes by the time that we leave.
I would be really, really happy.
More so, what I would be most happy about
is that everybody is excited about what
they've learned.
And they're going to go do it
next week and the week after, and
they're still gonna keep hacking.
So, make sense?
But what's happening inside of the search,
I can't wait to talk about it.
It's pretty complicated, it's pretty neat.
Even this whole animation thing.
So, Mattias,
who wrote this animation's module,
I basically called him up, and said,
Look, I need some help with this.
And so, I get to go in and, I have the
broad strokes, but I get to dig in, and
see what he's done.
So it's even for me, it's, like,
I don't know how this thing is moving.
It's pretty amazing.
Even if you look at this
As yu type this in.
Real nice,
the list is animating in and out.
>> Speaker 5: So
is that part of Angular Materials?
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: No, so this is-
>> Speaker 5: Or just-
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Angular [INAUDIBLE] is
part of, it's not in the core per se,
but it's, well, the angular proper.
So it's not a part of angular material.
So, first question will we learn input and
output component communication tomorrow?
The answer is a resounding yes.
Component driven architecture is&nbsp;
one of my favorite things, with angular.
I can't wait to show it to you.
The next question is
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Any open source
projects put with Angular 4.
So a few people put some
links in to the thing, so
I feel like that has been answered.
The guy at digital signage with
the boilerplate, he kind of,
I think he just went through and tried
to put everything into a single project.
What I would actually recommend is,
I'm a huge fan of redux,
specifically NGRX store.
And if you go check out the NGRX
sample app, that to me,
if I were going to write an application,
that's what it would look like.
So it is, let me go to Github, NGRX,
I think it's like...I always
get example and sample.
Example app.
So this right here,
NGRX example app is pretty close to,
if I were to write a real application that
would scale, this is kind of the golden,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: What?
So I would do the 4.x one.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Snap.
Who's that handsome fellow?
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: I've actually made so
much money with ngrx.
I felt compelled to be like look I'm
tired of pouring champagne on the ground,
take my money.
That's how valuable I think
this particular library is.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Who is this guy?
Thomas Burleson.
My hero.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And
if you actually wanna learn about NgRx,
we have a Reactive course here,
Reactive Angular that I did.
And so
I talk a little about it there as well.
But basically Redux is amazing for
managing state within an application.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Did I see a hand,
I thought?
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So the question is,
will we go over NG Redux?
The answer is no, so
we are going to go just right up to
the point of getting into Redux.
But that would be a separate course and
I actually prefer NGRX store over redux.
The reason being is because it's based
on observables, which I quite like.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So I think redux
the pattern plus RXJS is one of the most
amazing things in the world.